README.md, before:

![intro_Trim](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88178000/127735210-c824ab80-8438-4c44-b362-2c2404146b0f.gif)
##### Software Engineer By skills , Civil engineer by Degree
******

#### Profile links -

<div align="center"><h3><a target="_blank" href="mailto:radioactivenarendra@gmail.com">📧 radioactivenarendra@gmail.com</a></h3>
<a href="https:\\google.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88178000/127736341-c9c47072-7f29-4d38-beb7-72cdee093152.png" width="100px"></img></a>
&emsp;<a href="https://auth.geeksforgeeks.org/user/radioactivenarendra/practice/" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdncontribute.geeksforgeeks.org/wp-content/uploads/geeksforgeeks-19.png" width="100px"></img></a>
 &emsp;<a href="https://www.codechef.com/users/napiyo" target="_blank"><img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/7/7b/Codechef%28new%29_logo.svg/1200px-Codechef%28new%29_logo.svg.png" width="100px"></img></a>
 &emsp;<a href="https://www.instagram.com/narendra_dewasi/" target="_blank"><img src="http://assets.stickpng.com/images/580b57fcd9996e24bc43c521.png" width="30px"></img></a>
  &emsp;<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/narendra-dewasi/" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.freeiconspng.com/thumbs/linkedin-logo-png/linkedin-logo-3.png" width="30px"></img></a> 
    &emsp;<a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWh1gVC_bIk60W0FjiSh6XA" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/views/UCWh1gVC_bIk60W0FjiSh6XA?label=youTube%20Views&style=social" width="150px"></img></a> 
  </div>
  
  ![visitors](https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=page.id=napiyo.napiyo) 
  *****
  <details>
  <summary>SHOW About me </summary>
  
  ## 👨‍💻 About me
> Engineering Student of **Ramaiah Institute of Technology , bengaluru (India)** . pursuing my Bachelor's of Engineering in Civil engineering. (2022 Passout Batch)

> Self taught programmer and willing to programming professionally

>I'm From Rajasthan and Now living in Bengaluru (India)
  
> Good with Data Structures and Algorithms
  </details>
  
 
  <details>
  <summary>SHOW Skills </summary>
  
  
## 🤹‍♂️ Skills
> ### Languages :
>> 	![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-%2314354C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white) 
>> ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
>> 	![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
>> 	![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
>> 	![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
>> 	![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

> ### Frameworks, Platforms and Libraries :
> > ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
> > ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
> > ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
> > ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-%2343853D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
> > ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%23563D7C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
> > ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
> > ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white)
> > ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white)
> ### What I can Make ?
> > - Websites , Android Apps , Hybrid apps (Android and IOS)
</details>


---
# Projects
### Mini projects


<details open>
  <summary>JavaScript</summary>
  

- Quiz App  - &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; [gitHub Repo link](https://github.com/napiyo/QuizApp) &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; Preview- <https://napiyo.github.io/QuizApp/>
 > A quiz Website which let user take quiz with password, display questions in random sequence , time limit , at the end shows result. disabled copy/paste/rightClick,  
 > Gives a warning if window is minimized or tab is changed. if do again. user will disqualified. has a calculator. display current time and time remaining 
  
 
- Snake Game  - &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; [gitHub Repo link](https://github.com/napiyo/SnakeGame) &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; Preview- <https://napiyo.github.io/SnakeGame/>
 > NO!!  it don't need any description. who dont love SnakeGame . we used to play in our mom's Nokia phone  
  
 - Audio Player  - &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; [gitHub Repo link](https://github.com/napiyo/Audioplayer) &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; Preview- <https://napiyo.github.io/Audioplayer/>
 > Audio Player in JavaScript with playlist   
 > visulizer will be added soon.
  
 
- Calculator  - &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; [gitHub Repo link](https://github.com/napiyo/CalculatorJavaScript) &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; Preview- <https://napiyo.github.io/CalculatorJavaScript/>    
 > Draggable Calculator in JavaScript 
  
  
  </details>


<details open>
 <summary>GitHub Stats</summary>
 
 ![Narendra's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=napiyo&theme=merko&show_icons=true) &emsp;&emsp; ![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=napiyo&layout=compact)

Commit message:

added ..  looking for SDE role

README.md, after:

![intro_Trim](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88178000/127735210-c824ab80-8438-4c44-b362-2c2404146b0f.gif)
##### Software Engineer By skills , Civil engineer by Degree > looking for SDE role Full time or Internships
******

#### Profile links -

<div align="center"><h3><a target="_blank" href="mailto:radioactivenarendra@gmail.com">📧 radioactivenarendra@gmail.com</a></h3>
<a href="https:\\google.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88178000/127736341-c9c47072-7f29-4d38-beb7-72cdee093152.png" width="100px"></img></a>
&emsp;<a href="https://auth.geeksforgeeks.org/user/radioactivenarendra/practice/" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdncontribute.geeksforgeeks.org/wp-content/uploads/geeksforgeeks-19.png" width="100px"></img></a>
 &emsp;<a href="https://www.codechef.com/users/napiyo" target="_blank"><img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/7/7b/Codechef%28new%29_logo.svg/1200px-Codechef%28new%29_logo.svg.png" width="100px"></img></a>
 &emsp;<a href="https://www.instagram.com/narendra_dewasi/" target="_blank"><img src="http://assets.stickpng.com/images/580b57fcd9996e24bc43c521.png" width="30px"></img></a>
  &emsp;<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/narendra-dewasi/" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.freeiconspng.com/thumbs/linkedin-logo-png/linkedin-logo-3.png" width="30px"></img></a> 
    &emsp;<a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWh1gVC_bIk60W0FjiSh6XA" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/views/UCWh1gVC_bIk60W0FjiSh6XA?label=youTube%20Views&style=social" width="150px"></img></a> 
  </div>
  
  ![visitors](https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=page.id=napiyo.napiyo) 
  *****
  <details>
  <summary>SHOW About me </summary>
  
  ## 👨‍💻 About me
> Engineering Student of **Ramaiah Institute of Technology , bengaluru (India)** . pursuing my Bachelor's of Engineering in Civil engineering. (2022 Passout Batch)

> Self taught programmer and willing to programming professionally

>I'm From Rajasthan and Now living in Bengaluru (India)
  
> Good with Data Structures and Algorithms
  </details>
  
 
  <details>
  <summary>SHOW Skills </summary>
  
  
## 🤹‍♂️ Skills
> ### Languages :
>> 	![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-%2314354C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white) 
>> ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
>> 	![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
>> 	![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
>> 	![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
>> 	![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

> ### Frameworks, Platforms and Libraries :
> > ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
> > ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
> > ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
> > ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-%2343853D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
> > ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%23563D7C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
> > ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
> > ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white)
> > ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white)
> ### What I can Make ?
> > - Websites , Android Apps , Hybrid apps (Android and IOS)
</details>


---
# Projects
### Mini projects


<details open>
  <summary>JavaScript</summary>
  

- Quiz App  - &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; [gitHub Repo link](https://github.com/napiyo/QuizApp) &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; Preview- <https://napiyo.github.io/QuizApp/>
 > A quiz Website which let user take quiz with password, display questions in random sequence , time limit , at the end shows result. disabled copy/paste/rightClick,  
 > Gives a warning if window is minimized or tab is changed. if do again. user will disqualified. has a calculator. display current time and time remaining 
  
 
- Snake Game  - &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; [gitHub Repo link](https://github.com/napiyo/SnakeGame) &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; Preview- <https://napiyo.github.io/SnakeGame/>
 > NO!!  it don't need any description. who dont love SnakeGame . we used to play in our mom's Nokia phone  
  
 - Audio Player  - &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; [gitHub Repo link](https://github.com/napiyo/Audioplayer) &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; Preview- <https://napiyo.github.io/Audioplayer/>
 > Audio Player in JavaScript with playlist   
 > visulizer will be added soon.
  
 
- Calculator  - &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; [gitHub Repo link](https://github.com/napiyo/CalculatorJavaScript) &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; Preview- <https://napiyo.github.io/CalculatorJavaScript/>    
 > Draggable Calculator in JavaScript 
  
  
  </details>


<details open>
 <summary>GitHub Stats</summary>
 
 ![Narendra's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=napiyo&theme=merko&show_icons=true) &emsp;&emsp; ![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=napiyo&layout=compact)
